The body has not been found
Three days ago
Why did you report today?
What about the people who do things?
Immediately wear that arrow
What's up?
The three groups of people the Empress went to find the Third Prince
The body was also lost
We only found the bodies of one group of people
They also found the Fourth Prince's token
The empress is angry with my empress
Before the third prince was sent away, there was a suspected penetrating wound in his chest
It's still the automatic hand of the empress.
The bloodline of the fairy family is bestowed on the fairy nest
It's a big tonic for ghosts
So maybe the third prince has long been
That can't relax either
Explain to the inheritance of Wu
Within three days
Find him dead or alive
And the Fourth Prince
Ben Gong missed this little thing
Is he going to avenge Ye Xuan?
Humph
A mere son of the wall
Dare to fight against this palace
Tell the inheritor
Since their relationship is so deep
Then send them to the reunion is to light up
I've been making money this month
Enough to cover our daily expenses
I also bought a sword for myself
This sword forged by mortals
Can't stand the power of the old man's swordsmanship
Need to practice again
Ye Xuan knows
Why are you laughing?
That way it can barely be used for a while
You first put the swordsmanship you learned
Just reply two tricks and show the old man.
Hey!
come again
savvy swordsman
You can also take your own advice from it
Oh, I forgot
You have no understanding
You are good at swordsmanship, but if you don't teach it, you will know how to pretend to be an expert.
Ah.
But the feeling of this last resort is still on the shell
Let's practice this trick in the future
When will you practice?
Humph
Practice until you become the first sword you wield in your life